Secret magic holy
Dragon living body
Oh, as I said, I didn't lie to you, did I?
Does it hurt?
Fortunately, it took me a long time
Otherwise you would have broken it long ago
Liar Dragon Technique
How is that possible?
Hahahaha
I never thought of that.
This Dragon Emperor is really a blessing
I'm not you either.
Are you out of your mind?
I didn't expect it.
The Dragon King passed the Dragon Jade to a kid like you
If only I could get the Dragon God Jade
Great monk
invincible
That's a good idea.
But you can't beat me.
I command the knife
The king has ordered
Recently, my body has been unwell.
Ask the Dragon King Hall There are Dharma Baolong Shenyu that can cure all diseases
The Extraordinary Imperial Master Ximen Emperor retrieved the Dragon God Jade
Regulate and generate interest for the deity
The lord heard that the Dragon King had left the customs
I was ready
Xiaoyong, even if you are the Dragon King
It's still my big Natsuko
The king of this country is here
Give me the Dragon Jade
Husband, don't listen to him
Ono, don't you like to be full of righteousness?
If you don't hand over the Dragon God Jade
Is rebellion
It is a capital offense. If you hand over the Shenlong Jade
Without the Dragon Technique
You still can't beat my uncle
Today you are dead end
Hahahaha